    a grand foyer
    a cloak room
    a gallery
    a great hall
    a dining hall
    a ballroom
    a separate music room, where I could play the piano instead of the orchestra
    a billiard room
    a drawing room
    a study where I could study (I suppose?), when not in..
    the library where I'd just keep my rare volumes
    a conservatory, where I guess I'd do some conserving, when not away filling...
    the game room full of game (the kind for which hanging on the wall is no game)
    an armory or gun room (for the game, of course) and perhaps...
    a shooting range, just to stay in practice
    a pool room to compliment the outdoor pool and it's cabanas and nearby kitchen greenhouses, not to mention the...
    stables and...
    tack room and...
    groom's room--plus a place for the driver (who'd man the carriage house, of course) and gardener, and, as long as we're on the subject of help, there also would be the indoor help's...
    private chambers (likely in the attic), as well as the ones they did their work in, such as...
    the silver polishing room
    the gift wrapping room
    a canning room
    a wine cellar
    a root cellar
    a larder
    a pantry
    various and very specific storage rooms
    the butler's pantry, and, of course, simpler rooms, just for immediate family, such as...
    a family kitchen and...
    less formal dining room and...
    a sitting room or parlor, not to mention...
    bedrooms and...
    dressing rooms and, of course...
    closets and powder rooms and baths, and...
    a garret for the mother in law and possibly a garrote, too.


Modest, I know, but these are just my initial requirements. If I gave it more thought, I'm sure I'd find other necessaries, such as, perhaps a bowling lane or two, a media room, a gymnasium, and a fitting room where my tailor would visit to take the measure of the man in full I would be.

Oh, I'd also have a panic room--not to keep myself safe from intruders, mind you, but where I'd go in a panic wondering what room I should visit next.